How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here: its easier to compare and keep track of changes.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here: You can not only see the changes that you have made and
and the changes that others have made but it allows you to recover your data if
something wen't wrong. It also lets you go back to a previous point in the developement
process in case you think you can improve what you are doing from a previous version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here: Pros - you have logic control over commits.
    Cons - if something happens you may lose your data without recording changes.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here: Git allows you to work and commit files off-line and through
    manual commits. It also lets you keep track of multiple files that might be needed to
    complete a required step in your developement. Google Docs is online and commits take
    place automaticaly and only on the file that is being worked on.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here: git log shows all the changes that have been made to the file.
    git diff can compare different commits to one another and show line by line the changes made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here: there is a way to go back to a working state in your developement.
    You can also look at the changes you made that led to the introduction of bugs.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here: continue with the lessons to aquire more knowledge and experience
    using Git!
