What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	You allow git to keep track of the changes you make to files in the directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area is in between the working directory and the repostitory. It is a place where files are placed before they are commited to version control. Files can be removed from the staging area with the git reset <file> command. The staging area allows you to group files together to be commited based on logical changeds to them, based on informatin changed, etc.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	You only add a file to the staging area after a logical change to ensure that you can always go back to a previous file in case of a bug introduction.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	Testing of adding new features, new ideas not ready to be incorporated into main file. Branches help by providing a new file branch where ideas can be tested without altering the functionality of the original files.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	They tell you when changes were made to the files and show any new branching off and when they occured

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	We bring the changes of each branch and combine them into just one branch (whichever we checkout will remain). The new head of the merge branches is looking back at both branches that we merge because we have access to all their previous commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Pros: whenever possible it will save time by combining files.
	Cons: there might be a structural or logical conflict and eventhough its merge the result may not be what was desired.